Stop hitting him
I hate you for knowing
Kneel to all the villagers
Dear fathers and villagers
Peerless is what you grew up watching
Our Lu family has been dutiful for generations
I have never done anything to steal chickens and dogs in my life
Wushuang will never do treason
Aunt Wang lost your life-saving money ten years ago
Alone and helpless in the hospital
It was Wushuang who searched outside all night
Brought to you in the middle of the night
When Brother Ming Wushuang was 10 years old, he herded cattle for your family
After the cow was lost
Our family did not eat or drink for three days and three nights
Finally, I found the cow for you.
Xiao Zhang gave me something
I made you confess obediently
You're still here arguing for me
I let you argue
No fight no fight
Ah no fight
Uh-huh.
Since you are refusing to confess
Just die as a group of ministers
Don't fight don't fight
Don't fight don't fight don't fight
Don't fight, don't fight
Stop hitting.
Don't fight don't fight
Don't stop